[CC 1.0.0]Adding installation prerequisites for CC[Master] (#5094)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/deploy/installation-prerequisites.md

# Installation Prerequisites

- Choreo Connect can be deployed in [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) for trying out purposes. You need to install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) in your machine.

> - In order to deploy Choreo Connect in Kubernetes, be sure that the appropriate prerequisites are fulfilled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In order to deploy Choreo Connect in Kubernetes, ensure that the appropriate prerequisites are fulfilled.
```
